Learn professional web designing course & training - Chandigarh
Web Designing Course:-Thinknext offers IT & CS students web designing course in Chandigarh. Web Designing great carrier option for students who are passionate, creative & innovative minds, Web designing is most exciting and growing industry. Course combine desktop publishing and graphics design software with latest web technologies and software. Training provides on live projects with latest professional skills and latest software use in industry. Web page is a combination of text, images, graphics, videos etc and the group of web pages called web site. In web designing course you will learn how to design text, images, web banners, Logos, graphics, slide shows and create an attractive and professional web page design. Training provides by experts and industries professionals. You can join this course after 12th and become a web designer.
Course Contents
•	Web Designing Languages/Coding: - First you learn all about HTML. HTML stands for hyper text markup language. HTML use for create web pages and web sites. HTML markup tags basically create structure of web pages and use for how to display your content in web browser. There are many HTML tags you are use in coding of web pages that tags do not display on browser.
Cascading Style Sheets known as CSS. By name you know that it is using for style your HTML pages. It is define how to display your content on browser like color, size, and font style and how to display specific tag. In CSS you create a file of style and color which you want to display and apply that single file to multiple web pages like a theme of your web site and this save your work and time both.
•	Graphics and Publishing software: - Web designing course trained you in graphics designing and desktop publishing software. In this course you learn about adobe Photoshop, CorelDraw, adobe flash etc. Using these tools you can design graphics, images, text, web banners and slide shows etc for your web page requirements and make more attractive your web page.

•	Web Designing Software: - Adobe Dreamweaver is a web designing software that provides the live browser view and user interface of your html coding like a web browser. In this your coding speed ups and you can use more cods. You can design your web page in designing view and coding automatically done by Dreamweaver. It makes more interesting your work experience.
